fix: removed typos and unnecessary info (#582)
ory/web: src/markdown/jobs/brand-and-content-marketing-manager.mdx

- At Ory you will be actively involved in shaping and making decisions that will have a significant impact on the company.
- Access to one of the largest open source communities on the internet of world-class developers and world-changing projects.
- #PayItForward: As a startup with open source roots, providing access to software is important to us. Ory employees can work 10% of their working hours on open source projects of their choice.

> - An attractive salary and the possibility of employee stock options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An attractive salary and top hardware, gigabit internet and OS of your choice.
```

> - An attractive salary and the possibility of employee stock options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An attractive salary and top hardware, gigabit internet and OS of your choice.
```
